wait a second dad if you get the agonal
does it count dad if you get a diagonal
does account if you get it diagonal does
it count it does so how much how much
you doin here that
here that will download that one
because those dirty thoughts you got
30,000 there's no it doesn't even funny
I'll they have a trick card here no
there's no other that there's no Nobel
so tomorrow is our friend's wedding it's
actually um wanted EJ's neighbors her
name's Sarah and they've known each
other since there are little kids and
she's getting married and so we're going
to be going up there tomorrow and she
wants us to like shooting stuff like you
video so that's gonna be interesting
the sand was in my hand
okay I'm done I don't know why we were
randomly searching our names and Google
til see the pictures at papa everyone
does that and it's gonna kick out of
this if this before DJ and I were dating
look at dj's hair see it wasn't lying
when he said he's tube like this I'm
eats plankton the back half of his hair
Liz you're so emo his hair was redic you
you wrote a savory dick and then me I
just I look different hello it's ty
looks so weird you and then that's her
friend Stephanie oh we haven't talked to
her in a long time she was hanging on
this why don't we hang out with her we
hung out with her before dawn we're
going to bed um this is the name before
we go to the wedding when you go to bed
early so we can get to the wedding on
time I just made a video on my channel
why don't on my channel right now my
retainers in I don't know how much time
right now but if it is I'll put an
annotation or like in description for
you guys to check it out um it's
basically me talking about all the
editing software I mean I think I'm
pretty neutral about it and like you're
not going to get mad at me or anything
I'm pretty much just explained my
experience with it well I don't know I
remember to explain it kind of rambled I
forget what I talk about when I ramble
but I feel like I got some things off my
chest some misconceptions you know so go
check it out if it's there if not i'll
probably put up tomorrow I don't know
I'll remind you again so I decided since
my bra was showing the open back of my
dress that I got for the wedding I just
decided to put this thing over it and
plus it's kind of raining out and I get
cold easily so it's okay
my see this is what Lori is wearing you
look fantabulous and DJ you look awesome
wearing those significant where to do
this is austin sterling and Dickie's
cool between the black and white piggies
there's no white ones well there are but
I don't think they were at tillys i
prefer Bobby's iced teas she likes
saying Dickies there's something in
these shoes i was poking me so i was
like i need bigger socks but I don't
have any bigger socks and I realized we
have one pair of big speaker sucks oh
well YouTube done right now so funny
really warm though sweaty feet so I
didn't think I need a bigger stuff ever
ever did hey that'd be good in the vlog
hey guys so how have the blog from that
you're seeing is from today and half of
its from yesterday because a lot of it
from yesterday was put in yesterday's
vlog because we thought it was important
to talk about as we had to seat in
Charles's review anyways what I'm saying
is we got so much footage from the
wedding and I am so tired and it's late
and it's gonna take me a long time to
edit the video if I want to make it nice
so what I'm saying is we're gonna put
all the awesome pointing footage up
tomorrow look forward to that and I hope
you understand why today's vlog was the
way it was but I mean you still enjoyed
DJ's awesome guitar riff right anyways
I'll see you guys tomorrow and I hope
you have a good night hi
you just got me I'll be in troll but
you're not very nice
you